This is the repo for the [ACM UIST 2017 website](https://uist.acm.org/uist2017/). Feel free to send pull requests for any corrections!

## Editing the HTML

Only edit `index.tpl.html` files. **`The index.html` files are generated by the build process and your edits will be lost next time the build tools run!**

**You can edit files entirely via the Github UI**, no need to mess with git and forking/cloning the repo! Just navigate to the `index.tpl.html` file you want to edit, then click the pencil icon on the top right ("Fork this project and edit this file"). Once you make your changes, scroll to the bottom, write a short description of the changes you made, click "Propose file change" and select to send a pull request.

## Previewing your edits

To preview your edits, you need to generate the `index.html` files from the `index.tpl.html` files. Sure, this is a hassle, but it's convenient for repeating HTML on every page (headers, footers, etc) without having to copy and paste.

To setup the build tools for doing that, follow the instructions below:

1. [Install NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) if you don’t already have it
2. Clone the repo and navigate to it
	1. Open your Terminal and navigate to the folder you want to work in
	2. Run `git clone https://github.com/LeaVerou/uist2017.git`
	3. `cd uist2017` to navigate to the newly created folder
3. Run `npm install`. This will install the build tools (gulp) and any dependencies.

That’s it! Now just run `gulp watch` before you make any edits, and it will automatically generate the files needed.

If this seems like too much hassle, you can always transfer your edits to the `index.html` files manually.

Note that **all URLs are relative and will NOT resolve properly on the `file://` protocol**. Instead, run `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` on the parent directory, then your local version will be on `http://localhost:8000/uist2017`.

## How to add a new page

Create a folder with the name of the path you want for your page (e.g. for `https://uist.acm.org/uist2017/cfp` the folder name is `cfp`). Inside it, put an `index.tpl.html` page and copy the head and foot `@@include`s from any of the other pages. Once you save (and assuming you've followed the instructions in the second section and are running `gulp watch`), an `index.html` file will be created in the same location as the `index.tpl.html` file.

## Editing the CSS

We use SCSS to preprocess CSS. Please only edit *.scss files, NOT the *.css files because they are generated and your edits will be lost next time gulp runs.
